[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Everyone
loves a reformed sinner.
It's the basis of some of the
greatest tear-jerking films
and books.
Why?
Because we love to see the
moment of awakening or breakdown
and growth in our character
there and in ourselves, which
leads us to today's guest,
Jerry Sargeant, who has
walked the path from sinner to
saint, or at least wonderful
teacher.
Wonderful to have
you here, Jerry.
>> JERRY SARGEANT: Thank
you for having me, Regina.
It's an absolute pleasure.
>> REGINA: Yeah, you just
have such a wonderful, wild,
broad life story.
So I thought what we'd do is,
first of all, the things you do
are pretty wild and
wonderful and crazy.
But like you say, if you
can do this, anybody can.
But I think you
came in to do this.
So let's talk a little
bit about just you,
so people get to know
you a little bit.
Growing up, your
birth and growing up
because there was a
bit of a rough go.
Your mom was sent off.
>> SARGEANT: Yeah, I mean, I was
adopted and fostered as a kid.
I found my real mom when I
was about 25, 26 years old.
And she told me what happened
when I came into this world.
And she was out of wedlock
when she got pregnant.
>> REGINA: Teenager, I assume.
Was she young?
>> SARGEANT: She was
about 20-odd, 19, 20.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> SARGEANT: So it was kind
of frowned upon back then.
So she told her mom and dad
she was going to college.
So she went from Birmingham,
where she grew up,
to a place called
Cheltenham where I was born,
which is only like 40
minutes on the train.
But she went into a
home for women that
are pregnant out of wedlock.
When she went in to
give birth to me,
it was kind of like traumatic.
There was a lot of
abuse, a lot of torture.
And yeah, I kind of came
into the world that way,
and then fostered.
>> REGINA: How was
the foster situation?
>> SARGEANT: I was really young.
I mean, there was a lot of
abuse that was taking place.
>> REGINA: Yeah, it's
the foster care system.
>> SARGEANT: Yeah, yeah.
>> REGINA: My mother went
through that and that abuse,
too.
>> SARGEANT: OK.
And then I was adopted
about a year old.
And my adoptive mother
was kind of abusive, too.
My first school teacher
was kind of abusive,
and she was a female.
So I kind of came into the world
treated not very well by women.
So I've always had
this thing that I've
had to deal with
women to bring myself
into a kind of
space of equilibrium
where I can love all
humans, especially women.
It was a big kind of
like trauma point for me.
>> REGINA: Trust.
Trust.
>> SARGEANT: A lot
of trust, yeah.
My trust--
>> REGINA: Great trust issues.
>> SARGEANT: Massive trust
issues in so many different
ways.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
OK, so needless to say,
this didn't give you
a firm foundation,
so you ended up
as kind of a guy who had
to work it out on his own,
as I understand it.
And this led you to all kinds
of different activities,
including what we talked about
in the beginning, which was-- it
got you into a life of crime.
I mean, you're good
with numbers, right?
>> SARGEANT: Yeah.
>> REGINA: Doing some drug stuff
and doing some international
level banking fraud,
from what I understand.
Can you tell us a
little bit about how
you made those
decisions and how you
felt in those
entrepreneurial endeavors?
>> SARGEANT: So as a kid,
I was really good at rugby.
I was a really angry child.
And I used to--
I was good at a lot of sports.
I played tennis, rugby, and
football for the county.
And then there was
a point that came
where I had to make
a decision because I
was at a high
level at all three,
and I had to choose which
road am I going to go down.
I couldn't do the tennis because
my mom and dad couldn't afford
the private lessons,
and I had to choose
between rugby and football.
I chose rugby.
It was more, more violent--
>> REGINA: More vicious.
>> SARGEANT: --more
contact, yeah.
So I was playing
rugby and one day
I got banned from playing
rugby for fighting.
I was fighting on the
pitch, got sent off.
I was fighting on the sideline,
had to go to court, rugby court,
and got banned for a year.
Then I got into drink, drugs.
My kind of life sort of
spiraled out of control.
I started selling
ecstasy tablets
with my friends, sort
of 14, 15 years old.
We were going to raves and
just traveling all over the UK,
really, at rave parties,
having a great time.
We loved it.
I mean, I didn't have
a care in the world.
>> REGINA: Now, let me just
ask you really quickly.
So you were doing
ecstasy, too, I assume.
And did it bring those
incredible feelings
of euphoria and love to you?
>> SARGEANT: Absolutely.
The amount of feelings of
love when I was a child,
doing ecstasy, I mean, I
didn't want to come off it.
>> REGINA: It was heaven.
>> SARGEANT: It was heaven,
yeah, it was beautiful.
>> REGINA: So I can
understand how you'd go there.
>> SARGEANT: Every weekend,
from Friday until Monday,
I'd be dropping ecstasy, pills,
and just having a great time
dancing with my mates.
And I didn't really think I was
going to be doing anything else.
And then I ended
up meeting a girl.
We got into a
relationship and we
decided that we were going to
go traveling around Europe.
And we bought an old camper van.
I got a job working in
an ice cream factory
and I used to sell weed to all
the people in the ice cream
factory.
>> REGINA: As one does one--
ice cream factory.
>> SARGEANT: And then what
happened is we were due to leave
England the next day
in this camper van
and we're in the local
pub having a drink.
And this guy walks in that we've
never, ever seen in our life.
And he was like a walk-in.
I didn't know what
a walk-in was,
but I've since discovered
this guy walks into the pub.
>> REGINA: He appeared.
>> SARGEANT: He just appeared
from nowhere, and he said,
I hear you guys are
going traveling.
He said, don't do that.
He said, take this
piece of paper.
He gave us a Spanish mobile
telephone number and the name.
And he said, go to
Tenerife, you'll
earn at least 300
pounds a week and you'll
get free accommodation.
And we were like,
where's Tenerife?
Anyway, he just left.
So the next day, we get a map
and we're like, oh Tenerife,
is this like a hot country.
So we sold the camper van,
we bought two one-way tickets
to Tenerife.
And we ended up working for
a guy called John Palmer,
who was the guy that
melted the gold down from
the brink's-mat gold Bullion
robbery at Heathrow Airport
in 1982.
>> REGINA: Wow,
that's high profile.
>> SARGEANT: He set up
loads of timeshare resorts.
He was involved in all sorts
of different bits of crime,
and I worked for him for
several years doing timeshare,
then got involved in
lots of other things.
And so that just,
you know, that was
kind of how I got involved
in all of this stuff.
And I absolutely
loved it because I
was earning loads of money.
I could buy whatever I
wanted at a young age.
I didn't have a
care in the world.
I was partying.
I was traveling.
It was sunny in
Tenerife all year round.
There were parties and
discos and, I was in heaven.
>> REGINA: You were
living at large.
You were a young
man living at large.
>> SARGEANT: Yeah, it
was like we're in heaven.
Yeah, I didn't have any reason
to want a different life.
>> REGINA: Right,
but things changed.
>> SARGEANT: They
did change, yeah.
>> REGINA: So let's
talk about that.
>> SARGEANT: So I ended up
leaving Tenerife about 2003.
My daughter was born
in 2002 in Tenerife.
The lady that I got involved
in, who became my wife,
was from Romania.
She didn't have a passport,
so I couldn't get-- we
couldn't get our daughter
a passport at the time.
So I had to smuggle my wife
and child back into England.
Then we got married.
We set up a property business.
And everything was
going really well.
We made millions in a
very short period of time.
And then the property market
took a downturn and everything
crashed.
We lost the business.
We lost all the money,
we lost everything.
We lost our client's
money, even worse.
So it was a horrible
position to be in.
And we got kicked
out of our home.
Our son, Josh, was
born at that time.
This is like 2005.
And yeah, I went
back to selling drugs
again, went back to
bank fraud, and yeah,
just went back to
that for several years
and just got really
engaged in that
because I was making
lots of money again.
But at the same time, my
spiritual journey started.
>> REGINA: Let me ask you a
quick question before we jump
over there.
Did you feel when you were doing
the bank fraud and such that,
what the heck?
You can make ends meet.
You're not hurting any person.
You're not hurting a
person, just banks.
Did you have a disconnection
with the notion of it
being criminal at the time?
Or did you just accept that
as part of the gig and it
was OK and hoped you
didn't get caught?
>> SARGEANT: Yeah.
Well, what actually happened is
I started my spiritual journey
around the same sort
of time as this.
I was getting into
all the bank fraud.
So the drugs started first,
then got into the bank fraud
afterwards.
And my spiritual
journey had started.
And what happened
is this lady that
became my spiritual
teacher, she had charities
that she worked with.
So I was getting
all of this money,
and I didn't know
what to do with it.
So I was saying to
her, is there any way
we could donate some of
this money to charity?
So we started sending
this money to Africa
and we were building
water pipelines,
putting school projects in
place, educational projects,
and just helping
the local community.
And what happened is we were
getting letters coming back
from the people that
owned this charity,
and they were saying this
happened and that happened.
And it started to change
me on a different level
because I started to realize
that this money that we're
getting, I don't just
need to buy Rolex watches,
and all this dumb stuff,
you know what I mean?
All this material stuff.
I can actually help people.
So I saw it as a
really good cause.
Let's do more of it.
Let's get as much money of
this-- as much money as we can
and give it back to the poor.
So we were still keeping
money for ourselves,
don't get me wrong.
We were just having
a brilliant life.
But over the course
of so many years,
I started going deeper and
deeper on this spiritual journey
and giving back and giving back.
It started to separate me
from the criminal stuff.
And it started to take me
on this path of healing.
And eventually, it all
kicked off and started.
>> REGINA: Well, let's talk
about what happened in Romania
then, and then the car crash.
>> SARGEANT: Yeah,
so in Romania,
I was with my
ex-wife and children.
The taxi that I was in,
it ran three ladies over.
The first one came
through the windscreen,
smacked me in the face
whilst I was asleep,
got flipped over
the car and died.
Second one had her
ankles cut off,
and the third one
was physically OK.
I didn't know that a lady had
come through the windscreen
because I was asleep.
I just woke up.
There's glass, there's wind,
hole in the windscreen, cars
swaying from side to side.
The car stops, there's
blood dripping down my face.
But it wasn't my blood.
So I end up getting out of
the car, walking up the road,
and walking past this-- the
first two ladies, one of them
had her ankles cut off.
I left her.
I left the one that was
screaming because the guy had
come out from a nearby factory.
I was fixated on what
looked like a dead body.
I've got closer and
closer to this lady
and I see a soul
leaving her body.
And this is the
first time I'd had
any kind of
experience of anything
beyond the physical realm.
So this woke me up.
And at the same time, I'd met
my first spiritual teacher.
She was kind of helping me
out with different things.
She was taking me
into past lives,
helping me bring my
light out of my body
so I could have
out-of-body experiences
and travel through the
multi-dimensional playing
fields.
I was meeting spirit
guides and, everything just
started to take a
whole different turn.
All the time, I was
kind of battling it
because I had mates that were
saying, Jerry, you're nuts.
You're talking about angels and
fairies and extraterrestrials,
and these are guys
that have not got
a clue about any of this stuff.
Like I didn't used to
have a clue about it.
So the influence is to keep
on the kind of criminal path
were difficult
because it was like
drawn to come in, earn 20
grand here, 30 grand there.
And it was like, yeah.
>> REGINA: You're used to it.
You'd gotten away
with it so far.
>> SARGEANT: So I
just went and did it.
So it took me a long time
to transition from that,
but eventually I did.
And so I had the car crash.
>> REGINA: But didn't you
ultimately get caught and you
had to go to court?
>> SARGEANT: I did, yes.
>> REGINA: Because that's a
fascinating story about the two
beings there that were next
to the magistrate, I think.
>> SARGEANT: So what
actually happened is--
this is fast-forwarding.
So fast forward to 2009,
I moved to New Zealand.
I had some experiences where
I got taken in spacecraft,
met some blue beings from--
>> REGINA: And we're going
to go back to all that, yeah.
>> SARGEANT: Yeah.
And fast forward to like, say,
2013, I moved back to England
and I get arrested for
some of these old crimes
to do with bank fraud.
And to cut a long story
short, I have to go to court
and I say to the
universe, listen,
you get me off of
this court case,
because I was looking at
a long prison stretch,
and I promise you I'll
do this Star Magic stuff.
And so I go to court.
The judge walks out with his
two accomplices, two females.
The judge was male.
And the one lady, the one
to my left, his right,
had wings on her back.
And she looked at me and winked.
And I was like, no way.
My skin kind of
went chicken skin.
I was like, I was going cold.
But my mind was
like, nah, you're
never going to get off it.
I was in a bulletproof dock, you
know what I mean, in the court.
So the police get up, the
jurors, the prosecution, they
give their side of the story.
They bring stuff up from when I
was young, like they made me out
to be terrible.
So anyway, my solicitor gets up,
she gives our side of the story.
They go out, they
deliberate, they
come back in 40 minutes later.
The judge looks at
me and winks again.
And, you know, all rise.
I get up and they just say you
can see you're a changed man.
You're free to go.
So it was at that point, I
knew I had to do Star Magic.
>> REGINA: I love that story
that you were able to see
the being beyond the being.
And you knew it was
going to be all right
when she winked at you.
>> SARGEANT: Yeah.
>> REGINA: That's amazing.
>> SARGEANT: Amazing.
>> REGINA: Now we
got to go back.
So, car crash, you've been
on your journey for a while.
You're watching this woman,
the soul rise out of the body,
and you're now
starting your path.
And let's talk about what
happens from there because we
need to talk about
OBEs or out-of-body,
what started happening and about
your interface with the grid
because all this has to do with
mathematics, codes, numbers,
geometry.
>> SARGEANT: Yes, so I ended
up having this experience
and seeing like life
beyond the veil.
And then lots of
different things happened.
People coming into
my life and they've
got little things that are
going on with them, headaches,
this kind of injury,
this kind of illness.
And I'm just like,
things are happening.
Like my wife had a headache
and I saw it in her head.
I pulled it out.
Something else happened where
someone was in a car crash.
And I was guided just to go
in and work on this person.
And it helped her.
She walked out of
hospital on a Zimmer frame
in 12 weeks when
the doctor thought
that she was going to be in
hospital for at least a year
or so.
Different kinds of
healing experiences
happened, but I didn't
really think too much of it.
I was just like, OK, I was
just taking it in my stride.
And then we moved
to New Zealand.
That's when things sort
of started to amplify.
So I met this old guy.
He taught me how to meditate.
I had an encounter with Jesus.
I was in the Last Supper having
an experience as Matthew.
I saw extraterrestrials.
I got taken in the
spacecraft one day
to Alpha Centauri, where
I met my Lyran family,
and they gave me a
big download of codes.
I know they're here now.
So they gave me
a big download of
like these fluid
geometrical codes
which later became Star Magic.
When I-- we moved back
to England in 2013
and I started seeing these codes
in the empty space and my guides
were telling me that I
needed to meditate more.
So I was going to these ancient
mystery schools in Egypt.
Thoth was coming out.
He was the teacher.
I didn't know that it
was Thoth until later on,
but he was showing
us codes and scripts
and showing us how to heal
people with these codes.
And so after about
nine months, we
finished this kind of training
in the mystery schools,
and people just started
coming into my life
that needed healing.
So I thought, let's just try it.
So we started trying
it and it was working.
The other thing that Thoth
showed us in the mystery schools
was how to use numerology
and mathematics
to recode people's
DNA structures,
their own blueprints, and
how to plug their blueprints
into the Kathara Grids, which
is kind of like a tree of life
structure, which
we have embedded
in our own kind of physical
structure, our own energetics.
But also it's the
structure of the universe.
And so when you plug this
mathematical structure
into the structure
of the universe,
amazing things happen within
someone's anatomy-- mentally,
physically, emotionally,
and spiritually.
Their frequency elevates
and they become a much more
empowered human being.
So he was showing
us all this stuff.
And I thought to myself, maybe
we can set up a business.
And I can actually
set up a business
and earn money kind of legally
for the first time in my life.
And so we went to
this exhibition,
and it was a mind,
body, spirit festival.
I said to people
at the mind, body,
spirit festival, listen,
put your name down.
I'm going to give out three free
healings at the end of the show.
So lots of people
put their name down.
I phoned them all and
told them that they'd
won just so I could practice.
I was practicing
all these people.
I went to all their
houses, got testimonials,
and then set Star Magic up.
And when I set Star
Magic up, the same being,
whose name is Derek,
came to visit me again.
I was meditating one day,
looking out over Gloucestershire
where I used to live,
looking out over the city.
The city just disappeared.
I see these orange dots.
There were 13 of them.
And this being, Derek, said
to me, the healing centers,
you've got to build them.
And then since
then, this number 13
has just been coming
through all the time.
Like the number 13
is the sacred code.
So we're in the process now
of building our first healing
center in Transylvania
in Romania.
And since then, we've set
Star Magic up in 2016.
We did our first
training where we
started training other people
to heal with Star Magic in 2017.
And then since then, we've
created lots of other trainings
where we're sharing the
knowledge that we learnt
in the mystery schools to help
people develop a higher level
of awareness, to raise
their energy levels,
to bring their vibration
up, and to activate
their multi-dimensional
architecture.
>> REGINA: Yeah, critical at
this point in time because there
are some distortions in it,
which we're going to get to.
>> SARGEANT: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: OK.
And we'll talk about how
that can be adjusted.
Do you mind if we go back
a little bit to the Lyrans
when you first met
them and what I
assume you're part of that
family somewhere long ago.
And did they talk
to you about you,
your own mission, and why you
chose the path you did in life
and give you more
clarity on you?
>> SARGEANT: Yes.
So I'm part of a tribe
called the Kirwan New Tribe.
And this is like a
feline humanoid tribe
that is way before--
when I went to Alpha
Centauri, the Lyrans
that I met there had escaped
after the wars that had taken
place through our
Galactic history.
And they ended up on
Lyra, some of these beings
that were my family.
>> REGINA: Now, when you
say you were taken there,
was this more
interdimensionally?
>> SARGEANT: Well, when
I was in New Zealand
in my friend's pyramid,
I was meditating
in my friend's pyramid in
the garden with my eyes open
because he taught me to
meditate with my eyes open.
And I see this little space
pod several meters away
and there's a blue
being inside of it.
So I brought my
light out of my body,
which I'd been trained to
do by the spiritual teacher
that I had that worked
for Scotland Yard.
So it was like
everything was divine
because I'd have
never met her, I
wouldn't have known how to
bring my light out of my body.
So I brought my
light out of my body,
went and got in the
spacecraft, and we
flew through a tunnel,
ended up on a beach.
I walked up the beach, and
they were like 200 of them,
like massive, like 6
and a half, 7 feet tall.
They had no gender.
They were androgynous.
They had no clothes on.
They all like had
eight packs, like they
were all fit and healthy.
And I was like, wow,
these guys must--
in my mind, I was saying,
these guys go to the gym,
like they're so athletic.
>> REGINA: You said they
were from Alpha Centauri.
>> SARGEANT: No,
they were Lyrans,
but they were on Alpha Centauri.
>> REGINA: On Alpha Centauri.
>> SARGEANT: I don't know how
I knew that I was on Alpha
Centauri.
I don't know how I knew
that they were Lyrans.
But I just started
to know information.
Now, after connecting
with these guys there,
they've been with
me all the time.
And they've taken me on
so many little journeys.
They took me back to Avian
in the cradle of Lyra.
Avian was a planet, and Avian
had the first Garden of Eden.
And I remember being there in
these sacred emerald pyramids
where we were doing
multi-dimensional grid work.
And they were showing
me how to open portals,
bend space-time by opening
a portal with your intention
connecting it to another
point in space time,
and merging the two
points in space time
together by using
these 26 crystals.
And so they bring the
26 crystals into--
>> REGINA: 3 times 2,
so you keep going back.
>> SARGEANT: Yes,
specific formation.
It would draw in on itself
and create this field.
And you just step into it
and end up somewhere else.
There was nowhere that
you were really going,
but time and space became the
same in two different locations.
So when I went back to
that time and space,
one of the beings that was
there was the same consciousness
as Saint Germain and
the same consciousness
that was Thoth, which I
then later encountered.
Because another thing
that happens to me when
I went to New Zealand and I was
communicating with my friend
Michael and he was teaching
me how to meditate,
he was really tapped
into Saint Germain.
So Saint Germain is someone we
used to connect with almost,
I don't know, three
or four times a week,
every week without fail.
But three or four times
a week, we go and sit
in this little
coffee shop and we'd
communicate with Saint Germain.
When I went to the
mystery schools
and I looked into the eyes
of the teacher, which I then
found out was Thoth, I
could see the same light,
the same frequency,
the same code.
And so they were the same being.
And then going back to Avian,
to that Kirwan new tribe
and being there with the
kind of Lyran Feline beings
and seeing the same
consciousness in one
of these beings that was
in Thoth and Saint Germain,
I kind of knew that we're going
all the way back to the start
and then bringing all
of this information
forwards to where we are
right now on planet Earth.
And so many times throughout
our human history,
we've tried to bring
this information forward.
Not just me, but many human
souls in many different forms
that have connected to
many different beings
and many different
fields of consciousness
have tried to share
this knowledge.
But every single time,
it's either got closed down
or it's got manipulated, and
there's been a catastrophe
or there's been a sinking of
islands or whatever it is.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
OK.
So let's talk about that on the
little larger scale, going back
to the Lyrans, because
they had their own issues
and had to flee their
own planet at one time
and were dealing with others
and wars were taking place.
So the Lyrans by this
time have this knowledge
of how things can play out
if it's not done correctly.
And they're here to
help you understand
how you can help
others, I assume, do
this in a correct
manner so Earth doesn't
have the same fate as what they
had experienced very long ago.
And so with this,
you were taken out
and you had, like you said,
this incredible experience
in a matrix or a grid.
So let's talk about
your experiences
when you're out-of-body
working with the grid.
And why it's even
important for all of us
to be aware that there is
this amazing, supportive grid
energy around the
Earth that we can
tap into and utilize ourselves?
>> SARGEANT: Yeah, I mean,
like just to cut back slightly,
going back to the Lyrans,
because when the Lyrans first
got massacred on Avian, they
didn't have the technology
to fight back then.
They had some amazing,
incredible technology
but it wasn't like weaponry.
>> REGINA: Right.
It was more mental and
spiritual, wasn't it?
>> SARGEANT: Absolutely.
So they were doing some amazing,
like, amazing feats of mastery
in terms of creation and
co-creation and DNA manipulation
and creating different
races of beings,
which was absolutely awesome.
But when the
draconian reptilians
came in and with their
kind of laser technology,
massacred, raped, exterminated,
all of that nasty, evil stuff,
there was no kind of way
that they could fight back.
And I remember being
there at those times.
And so many people that
were beings that we loved
were exterminated and we
had to get onto the crafts.
And it was actually some of the
draco-reptilians that actually
had turned against
their own families that
helped us get off the planet
and flee to other systems.
>> REGINA: Including Earth?
>> SARGEANT: Including Earth.
I mean, that's the
other thing about Earth.
People talk about
Earth's history,
but we've been here for
hundreds and millions of years.
Not just like--
>> REGINA: We don't even
know, billions, trillions.
We don't know.
>> SARGEANT: It's so, so long.
So, so long.
And we've been reincarnating so
many times over human history.
But if you go all the
way back to the start,
even before Avian,
even before Lyra,
like the beings that came out
from source consciousness,
they were tasked with
creating universes.
They were tasked with creating
galaxies and dimensional fields
within universal structures.
And everything was beautiful for
a long period of time, billions
and billions of years.
But at some point,
these beings started
to create with light that wasn't
from the original prime creator.
And so dark and light was
introduced very slowly
and subtly into the universe.
And if you fast forward
time billions of years,
we come to the construct
that we're all in now.
This whole construct
that we're in
is Earth and also the whole
matrix system, which isn't just
Earth, it's billions of planets
in a multi-dimensional matrix
which has several
super universes.
And so this kind of
structure that we're in
is Metatron's Cube.
And Metatron's
Cube is 13 spheres.
Now, when a human being comes
into their mother's womb,
on 49 days, there's eight
little cells that appear.
Those eight little cells,
they form a Merkabah field.
4 and 9 is 13.
It's the number of
the divine goddess.
So we come in on a 13-code,
on a divine goddess frequency.
Those eight little cells
are our genesis cells,
which are held between
the perineum and the anus.
They're the only cells in our
human body that never change.
And it's the flowering
of these cells, which
is that magnetic
code which supports
the electrical Kundalini
rising up through our body.
But this is like a whole
other piece of the puzzle.
But this 13-code that we come
into, this kind of matrix on is
also the code that we leave on.
So if you build a matrix to stop
the falling consciousness, which
is what Metatron's
Cube was, it was
to stop us falling any deeper
into deeper levels of lower
frequency.
So Metatron's Cube
was put in place
to house this whole matrix.
But you don't build a
house without a doorway,
otherwise you can't get out.
So the doorway out of this
structure is Metatron's Cube.
And Metatron's Cube is held
in so many different places
around Earth.
One of them is the Giza Plateau.
So if you look at
the Giza Plateau,
it's based off these 13 spheres.
When you go into
the king's chamber,
the number 13 and
the number eight
are imprinted throughout
it, which we can come onto.
But we as humans,
what we have to do
is to activate our
own architecture.
So when we're in
the mystery schools,
Thoth was showing us that
around our body we have
a multi-dimensional
Merkabah field,
which is a 12-pointed star.
That 12-pointed star is
held in a 13th sphere.
So again, you've got
12 and 1, which is 13.
We've got 13
multi-dimensional chakras.
We call them
transmission centers.
We've got a 12-strand
DNA template,
which is actually
housed in the 13th.
So all of these thirteens
have to plug into each other.
So how do you activate that?
Well, in the third
dimensional reality,
our heart is like a cube.
And when we switch to a fifth
dimensional frequency band,
our heart changes to a
dodecahedron, which is 12.
The 12 is always
surrounded by the 13.
When you activate your
dodecahedral heart, which
we teach people on
our level 2 trainings,
it's all the mystery school
teachings, 12 streams of light
flow out from your
dodecahedral heart
and connect with your
multi-dimensional Merkabah
field, the 12 points.
Then what happens is
the activation plugs
into your 12-strand
DNA blueprint.
It plugs into your
own Kathara Grid,
which is the template of the
whole universe, which is inside
your body.
It's the template that all
of the stargates run off.
It's the template that
everything runs off
or is supposed to run off.
So all of these 12 and 13
structures plug into each other
and all activate.
Then what happens
is the frequency
flows from the heart down
into Mother Earth, down
into Mother Earth's heart.
Mother Earth's heart
is a Merkabah field.
In the center of her Merkabah
field, you've got 12 spheres.
Those 12 spheres are the 12
original spheres of creation,
which are housed
in the 13th sphere.
When you pull those
frequencies into this space,
they link into the Giza Plateau.
The Giza plateau links into the
frequency of Mother Earth, which
is 4, 3, 2 Hertz.
If you get the Giza Plateau and
you blow it up 43,200 times,
it equals the circumference
of planet Earth.
So you start to pull
those harmonics back
into Mother Earth's heart,
back up into your own body,
and you have this
incredible activation.
You start to
vibrate differently.
Your consciousness expands.
Now, when you activate
yourself like this
and you go into
the Giza pyramids
the King's Chamber,
a whole activation
sequence starts.
I know this from experience
because two years ago, I hired
the Giza pyramid for myself.
Went in on my birthday.
I was supposed to go in on the
8th of march, on my birthday,
but when I got there they
told me I couldn't go in.
I had to go in on the 11th of
March at 11:00 PM for whatever
reason.
When I went into
the King's Chamber,
all the lights were off
in the whole pyramid.
I went into my own.
I laid down in the
King's Chamber.
And if you look at the King's
Chamber, like the dimensions,
they all add up to 11, 11, 13.
If you add 11, 11, 13
together, the length, the width
and the height, it
breaks down to 8.
OK, this 8-code, again, same
as the genesis cells down
in the Kundalini.
You've also got
constellations on the wall
of the King's Chamber.
So once you activate
those constellations,
they activate the 13-code,
they activate the 12-code,
and these two kind of
overlays take place inside
the King's Chamber.
When I was in there, all
of the walls disappeared.
And there was all
this orange light
and all these portals opened
up, and so many beings
came into the King's Chamber.
I was lying down in the
middle of the temple floor,
and my lights came
out of my body.
And I went up through a very
specific bend in space-time.
I went through Stargates
3, 5, 7, 8, 9, and 12.
And if you had the numerology
on these Stargates together,
it equals 8 again.
So this 8-code keeps coming back
in and the central gateway that
we went through was
the Orion gateway.
So I ended up in the God
worlds outside of our matrix,
looking down at the construct.
What they were showing me
is that this is actually
possible in your
physical body, to go
through this bend in space-time.
And I asked, why I didn't
go in my physical body?
And they told me
because I wasn't ready.
They said humanity's
not ready, but humanity
will be ready at some point.
And what we're here
right now to do
is to share these
mathematical codes
so we know how to exit
this time-based matrix.
Now, ultimately, what
we're trying to do
is to get into space.
Now, if we go in a
space rocket, we're
going to travel
at Mach 33, which
is 11.2 kilometers per second.
11 plus 2 is 13.
If you're going through the
Giza Plateau in a Stargate,
it's the 13-code that
you're traveling through.
So we come in on
13, we're always
exiting on 13, which
is really important.
The other point
to mention, which
is really kind of
mission critical,
is that when you activate
these platonic solids
inside your heart, through these
codes that I was talking about
earlier, inside the
platonic solids,
you have 33 nodal points.
You've got 33 vertebrae
on your spinal column.
And around the planet,
there are 33 nodal points.
When you activate
your spinal column
through the platonic
solids in your heart, which
switches from the cube to
the dodecahedral heart,
you connect to
off-planet frequencies
through the 33 nodal
points around Earth
and you start to pull
in DNA activation codes.
So these DNA
activation codes, they
start to recode our
internal mathematics
so that when we
do get off planet
and we go to these
different systems,
our frequency can
actually handle it.
>> REGINA: OK Thank you.
So this makes--
I do have a question that
came up during all of that.
I think we were able to
hang with you on the number
13, the number 8, the
codes, the grid, how
it interfaces with these
what we call sacred sites.
So the question
that I want to ask
is then who built
those pyramids?
Because they're, as you
know, hotly contested.
Even some archaeologists say
they are at least 100,000 years
old.
But I'm wondering if the
Lyrans were involved.
>> SARGEANT: When
I look at this,
I'm told that they've been
there for millions of years.
Yeah.
>> REGINA: Possibly, yes.
I know it's not 4,000 years old.
>> SARGEANT: Yeah, these
pyramids are ancient.
>> REGINA: So because of the
results that come out of it
and because those associations
are what you learn from
your tribe, the Lyrans, were the
Lyrans responsible for at least
part of the building
out the pyramid?
>> SARGEANT: They definitely
played a part, 100%.
Yeah, and other species, too.
>> REGINA: Yeah,
because that's--
we don't usually talk
about that, who built them.
Because what you're
talking about
is for purpose to allow for
the awakening of people.
It's been argued that it's
also that they were portals
for those from other places
to use as a stargate,
also to come and go
from and work from.
It's all of the above, I assume.
>> SARGEANT: If you look
at the Giza Plateau,
you've got the three pyramids.
If you look at
Orion's Belt, you've
got the three
activation points there,
which link into the pyramids.
If you go back to
Lyra, you've also
got three emerald pyramids,
which are actually
really octahedrons.
But they plug into
the Orion's Belt
and they also plug
into the Giza Plateau.
So these three points are very
important because they all
link into the number 8.
>> REGINA: So they were
designed for awakening?
>> SARGEANT: Well, they were
designed for multi-dimensional
travel, but they've--
as so many things have happened
over our human history,
there's been so much
manipulation, so much control,
they've tried to bury
this information from us
on one level.
But what is happening
is, we as a species,
have had these experiences
on a multi-dimensional level
as other extraterrestrials
coming down
to planet Earth
and other systems.
And now we're here to
wake ourselves back up.
So during these times
of Atlantis and Lemuria
and Egypt and all of
these different time
points in space-time on
multiple timelines, going back,
back to the stars
billions of years
ago, we've been
coming down and trying
to remember this knowledge.
But every time we
remember the knowledge
and we activate ourselves
and get ourselves
into a higher frequency band,
this battle of dark and light
comes in.
>> REGINA: So I mean, the ones
who mess with the codes and take
them off their ideal state,
which we'll talk about
in a moment here,
the ideal state,
what are they gaining from it?
And is that game almost over?
Or is there really going to
be a mass choice on our part
once we're awake enough
to make a good choice?
>> SARGEANT: I think
it's a game of energy.
We're in a frequency war.
There's a battle for the
right passage of our soul.
When our soul is
in a human body,
the human body can be
used as a food source.
When the soul is outside of the
human body and the human body
decays, that food source
is no longer there anymore.
So there are certain
beings that are using us
to power their own systems,
to feed off our own energy,
and control us on
so many levels.
And the game itself,
consciousness
is expanding on planet Earth
and more and more people
are waking up.
But the game, on one
hand, it's already done.
We wrote this story, like this
story is already played out
all the way to the end.
>> REGINA: What's
the end look like?
>> SARGEANT: The end to me looks
like planets that are teeming
with life that have incredible
lakes and waterfalls and beauty
that is just beyond
our wildest dreams.
You go to some places
on planet Earth
that are absolutely
extraordinary.
You times that by 100 and
you're still not even there.
Like where everybody is happy,
everybody is full of joy,
everybody is caring and
sharing, and everybody
works from a hive mentality.
On planet Earth,
there's this kind
of individualized journey of
individuality, where everybody
is out for themselves.
Everybody has free
will and free choice.
And so that enables
us to make choices
based on what we
want as human beings.
Earth itself is a training
ground and a playground.
That's a whole other
reason that we're here.
And having this
level of free will
makes the game
really interesting.
But when you go to a lot
of these other planets,
there's a hive mentality
like worker bees.
Bees are amazing.
And what we will be doing
when this heaven on earth,
this golden age reforms and
recalibrates and rebirths itself
on Earth and on other
planets is we'll
be working like
bees together as one
and working to help each
other, and love each other.
>> REGINA: Cooperation
and collaboration.
>> SARGEANT: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: But a lot of times
when people hear hive mentality,
they think of more negative ET
impacts where you have no will
of your own and you simply
kind do a top-down directive.
But that's not what
you're speaking.
>> SARGEANT: Not when you're
working from heart-based
consciousness.
When you're living and playing
this game of the heart,
none of that stuff exists.
It's here in this reality.
When we look at
hive mentality, we
understand it from an
intellectual, like low frequency
state of consciousness.
When we look at hive mentality
from heart-based consciousness,
we see oneness and
cooperation and love and unity
and all of the good stuff
that comes along with that.
People helping and
caring and sharing,
like if I climb up
the ladder, you need
to climb up the ladder with me.
This world that we live in
and play the game of life
in at the moment is if I'm
going to climb up the ladder,
I'm prepared to stand on your
head to get up the ladder.
>> REGINA: For some people, I
believe most people are actually
good and would help
the next person up.
Most people, but not all people.
>> SARGEANT: I think naturally
in our own DNA codes,
that's who we are.
But because of the manipulation
and because of the stuff
that's going on, people tend
to think about themselves a bit
too much.
>> REGINA: A bit, yes.
So you say the mathematical
code, not just of us,
but Earth itself,
was tampered with.
>> SARGEANT: The first time
that I really realized this was
several years ago.
A young lad from Brazil,
he got in contact with us
and he said, you know,
I need some help.
He said, I woke up this morning
and my head was so much bigger.
I said, what do you mean?
He goes, I was meditating
and my head just grew.
I said, well, send me a photo.
So he sent me a photo
when his head was massive
and the rest of his body
had stayed the same.
So whenever we go in to
do a healing session,
I always get a picture
of people's face
so I can see their eyes
because the eyes are
the gateway to the soul.
So I'm looking into
this guy's eyes
and I'm looking at the
meditation experience
that he'd had,
and he's connected
with some off-planet
frequencies.
And his skull had
gone back to its kind
of extraterrestrial size.
So anyway, I met him on Skype
and he said to me, Jerry,
please help me shrink my skull.
And I said to him,
brother, why did you--
>> REGINA: That's a tough one.
>> SARGEANT: Because what was
happening is when he was laying
down, his brain wasn't-- it
didn't grow and it would fall
on his skull, so it would hurt.
And when he was
walking around, it
was rattling so it
was very painful.
I said to him, why don't you
try and grow your skull and so
your brain.
>> REGINA: Brain,
to fill the skull.
>> SARGEANT: Because
I said, you know,
just think what's
going to happen.
If your brain grows to this size
like you might have all these
multi-dimensional
abilities which--
>> REGINA: But he didn't want to
attract the attention, I assume,
with a massive head.
>> SARGEANT: Absolutely.
He said, Jerry, look
at me, I look stupid.
And he did look a bit funny with
a big head on these shoulders.
So anyway, I never really try
and convince anyone, but I did.
But he didn't want to do it.
So I took him underneath
the pyramids in Giza
and we took him through this
kind of futuristic MRI machine
which scanned his body.
And as he went
through it, his skull
went back to its normal size.
And I wish I'd videoed
it, but I didn't
know what was going to happen.
>> REGINA: OK, this feeds back
into the codes of Earth being
tampered with.
>> SARGEANT: So yeah, so
what I realized is that
our mathematical code is wrong.
You've got the
crystalline mathematics
and you've got the
Fibonacci mathematics.
So if you look at the
Fibonacci mathematics,
they never link back
to the zero point.
You've got 1 plus 2 is 3; 2
plus 3 is 5; 3 plus 5 is 8.
So to get 8, it
has to eat 5 and 3,
and it's not connected
to the other two numbers.
There's no connection
back to the zero point.
If you look at the New
Earth mathematics, which
is the crystalline code, you've
got 0 plus 1 and plus 1 is 2.
0 plus 1 plus 1 plus
2 plus equals 4.
2 plus 4 equals 8.
So the next number always
links back to the zero point.
And this mathematical spiral,
which is the Kathara Grid
rotating out from source, which
is the tree of life that we were
previously talking about, it
rotates at a 45-degree spiral.
And that 45 degree spiral
is the original mathematics.
If you look at
Fibonacci, "Fib-o-nacci."
What is a fib?
A fib is a lie.
OK, chi is energy.
It's the lie of no energy.
So it's the frequency that
dismantles our connection
to the original blueprint.
When you start to
change the code
and you work with the
new Earth mathematics,
your whole frequency shifts.
I mean, we've seen it
in business so much.
Like we work with a number
of different businesses
that are running
the old mathematics
and we come into
their businesses
and we switch them to
the newer template.
Their business goes
through the roof.
They thrive.
They go from earning
X amount of money
to earning a lot more money.
Their workforce becomes
happier and healthier.
So you can see this in
so many different ways.
>> REGINA: Go
ahead, finish that.
And then I want to have you
tell us what that looks like.
You go into a company and
they say, here are our books.
They show you their spreadsheets
and you see the old math.
I want to know what that looks
like to shift to the new math.
>> SARGEANT: So first of all,
when you go into a business,
like there's so much to it.
And this is the
kind of stuff that I
love because you
go into a business,
the business is in a
building most of the time.
Sometimes you obviously
get an online business,
but most of the time
there's a premises.
And that premises is
built on a piece of land.
That piece of land
has got ley lines
running under it, grid points.
So first of all, you've got
to go and change the grids.
Most of the time,
there could have been
battles fought on that land.
All sorts of things have
happened and taken place.
They might--
>> REGINA: Do you use codes,
mathematical codes to change--
>> SARGEANT: We use
codes, absolutely.
So we have codes that are in
the form of images and pictures.
So we can grow those grids,
expand them electromagnetically,
and stick them
underneath the building.
We can plug them into the
walls, the ceiling, all
of the different rooms.
And then as soon as you
plug that architecture in,
it starts to release
a field of energy.
So that field of energy
moves through the building
and the grid system
restructures around it.
We then build other pieces of
architecture around the grids.
So right now, you've got
a six dimensional grid
structure that's formed around
Earth, which is 111 sites.
You've got the
Icosahedral grid, which
is the Christ Consciousness
grid or the Christ Consciousness
grid, which is 20 icosahedrons.
So sorry, 20
equilateral triangles
which make up an icosahedron.
Around this huge
6-dimensional grid,
you've got 111 equilateral
triangles which make up the grid
structure.
When you start to plug these
grids into the new Earth
mathematics and you run
them through a building,
and that is the only
frequency running
through the building,
everybody within the building
their template changes, too.
>> REGINA: Because it feels more
natural to their own personal
matrix?
>> SARGEANT: It tunes them
in to the natural rhythms,
but not the natural rhythms
that most people are running.
Because even if you look
at nature, a lot of nature
is running off of
false mathematics.
The way that I
describe it to people,
imagine you are some
huge being and you
wanted to control
a planet and there
was a huge galactic Amazon.
So you'd go to this
galactic Amazon
and you bought like
a mold of a planet.
And this mold of this planet,
you tipped loads of energy
into it.
And it was running off
a certain template.
That's what's happened to Earth.
So what we do is we go in and
we create new structures which
are running off other templates
and other mathematics,
and it changes the
frequency in the field,
and it changes them back to
their original template, which
is the Kathara Grid template,
the crystalline mathematical
template, which locks
them into the zero-point.
Because if you run on the
geometries that a lot of people
are running on planet
Earth, then you're
running off a false code which
ultimately is never going
to connect you into source.
>> REGINA: And that's
what you're doing,
that's what you do
with your school,
is you're teaching people.
You work with people,
I take directly,
but you also teach people
how to do this themselves.
>> SARGEANT: So we're in
the process now of building
our first healing
center in Romania.
In Transylvania, yeah.
So when Derek came
to see me, the Lyran,
and I was looking out over
the town in Gloucestershire,
and I saw the 13
healing centers,
he told me that we
needed to train people.
I ran home and wrote a book
called "Healing With Light
Frequencies: The Transformative
Power of Star Magic,"
because he told me to.
And then that book has all
of the tools that we share
with people on our trainings.
The trainings have now
evolved and expanded
into level 1, level 2, level 3.
But we're training people how to
restructure people's blueprints
so that they can become
empowered, high-frequency beings
that are plugged into source,
into those original blueprints
so that they can emit that code.
Because everywhere we go,
we're uploading and downloading
information.
And when you walk
through town, there's
information coming
in from other humans.
You're sending it
off to other humans.
It's going down through
your body, into the grids.
It's coming down from the stars.
It's moving in all directions.
So when you're running
the crystalline codes,
you're literally having a
positive impact on humanity.
So the more people we can
train and recode this way,
the better it's going
to be for everybody.
>> REGINA: Well, I think you're
going to have a lot of excited
people, certainly after watching
you here and everywhere else you
appear.
You obviously embody those
codes that connect you
back with where you
came from to begin with
and why you're here now on Earth
to help others understand that.
And yes, it is a geometrical
mathematic matrix
that we live in, and so we might
as well have the numbers right.
>> SARGEANT: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And being that
frequency of love.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
Well, that's wonderful.
Well, thank you so much.
What a wonderful story.
I've been absolutely
fascinated listening to you,
even if sometimes the numbers
are swirling around in my head
like an alphabet
soup of some kind,
I can feel what you're saying.
So good luck with all of this.
Your journey and new shows
coming up and everything else.
>> SARGEANT: Thank you so
much for having me, Regina.
It's been awesome.
Thank you.
>> REGINA: Absolutely
fascinating stuff.
You can find more about
Jerry's work a lot more
by going to
starmagichealing.org.
Or pick up his Activate Your
Super-Human Potential, new book.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[AUDIO LOGO]